Serenity updates - September - Rules UI completed (#761)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-09/1-rules-UI-complete.md

---
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
---

> # The Rules Builder 100% complete!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The rules engine user interface 100% complete!
```

> # The rules engine UI 100% complete!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The Rules Builder 100% complete!
```
```suggestion
# The rules engine UI 100% complete!
```

> # The rules builder interface 100% complete!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The rules engine UI 100% complete!
```

::: meta-data type="New" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="late September" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-rules.html#the-rule-builder-tab"
:::

> You can now **entirely** create your rules from our PIM interface. Indeed, the rules builder has been updated with all the actions and conditions available to build a rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rules Builder is now compatible with all the rules engine's conditions and actions, so you can now **entirely** create your rules from your PIM user interface. 
```

> If you were not comfortable with YML files, the rules builder screen will allow you to easily create and manage your rules directly from your PIM! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you were not comfortable with YAML files, the rules builder screen will allow you to easily create and manage your rules directly from your PIM! 
```

> It means that you don't need to use your old YAML files anymore. You can very easily build and maintain all your rules directly from within this powerful interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were not comfortable with YML files, the rules builder screen will allow you to easily create and manage your rules directly from your PIM! 
```
